in this video we will deal with the issues of
being an Ajin we will attempt to beat the threats
which include other Ajin and humans this guy
is Nagai he's an Ajin like you and me the first
time he realized he wasn't human was when he was
killed by a truck but woke up again immediately
oh and by the way there are 46 known
Ajin in this world at this moment
so what happens when you are identified as
an Ajin well something like this right here
Nagai has been inside this underground left for
multiple months at this point they amputated his
limbs shot bullets into his head and many more
terrible things while he was at full conscious
and alive if you are an ajin you do not want to be
known as one Nagai is literally mummified in this
position you have no space whatsoever from what
i've heard those __ don't even let you sleep they
just kill you over and over and over again day and
night with no end in sight you are a guinea pig
material just an experiment once you are in
the same position like Nagai here there is no
chance to escape in this situation the only hope
you have is to either be freed by someone else
get released voluntarily or be able to draw
an advantage if they were to make a mistake
now you see that's all quite heavy speculation
so as an Ajin you do not want to be known as one
to anyone the issue is most Ajin don't know
that they are in fact argents until they die
and since most unexpected deaths are caused by
external influences in humans it is very likely
that once you find out that you are one the people
around you will know that just as quick as you do
and then the age of smartphones is pretty bad
luck for us the only chance you have to escape
this madness would be to escape as soon as you
have realized that you are an Ajin until the
special forces arrive to take you hostage you
have time to disappear and when i say disappear
i mean disappear go full hermit mode is the only
chance you have hiding at friends and family
members places is probably a bad idea since those
would be screened first and put under surveillance
initially it seems you are on your own
so there are multiple options you have
either you decide to stay in your country
and go into hiding there or you leave it
the biggest problem with leaving the country
is that you are probably caught while doing so
and leaving the country illegally via land border
would cause you a lot of problems just as soon as
you're screened by a random police control in the
new country considering all of this the best way
you have would be to get a new identity full-on
new passport new name new hairstyle and clothing
etc even if you decide to stay in your own country
your goal should be a new identity without that
you won't be free until you die besides Nagai
and us there are other Ajins you can guess their
temperament all of them were most likely treated
just like Nagai i heard some of them for 20 years
without a break Ajin or not going through this
will [ __ ] your mental landscape this is Sato
Mr. Sato can be your best friend or your
worst enemy it really depends on you
when he knew that another Ajin was held captive
and experimented on he decided to free him he
and his team break into this underground lab shoot
down everyone in reach and attempt to free Nagai
that's gotta be one lucky day in his life
after the interaction between Sato and the
head of this lab Mr. Tosaki it is pretty
clear that he was also held captive there
in that case this rescue act is motivated
by vengeance more so than compassion Nagai
refuses to join Sato in fact he literally opposes
him and saves those that tortured him instead
let me give you a quick rundown of Ajin attributes
the most important thing about Ajins is their
immortality to this day there is no identified
way on how to kill one another key component of
being an Ajin is that once you are killed you will
regenerate completely fractures and cut off limbs
no problem they will all reappear quickly so when
an Ajin is being immobilized the best thing to do
for him is to kill himself which we call a reset
the last and possibly most curious aspect of ajins
are their ghosts not much is known about them but
they are invisible to humans to us they look like
composed ash or black matter they're also called
IBM they are extremely strong and fast and possess
individual skills on top of that the only way to
beat the ghost is to fight it with your own one
Nagai escapes Sato's grip and the underground lab
too escape is your only option here but where do
you go before we analyze Nagai's situation let's
look at Sato's next move so you can understand
the plot as well Sato takes advantage in front of
the lab and scores a live interview with various
news outlets the guy sitting in the wheelchair is
Tanaka he was Ajin subject number two until he was
freed by Sato two years ago he has a point here
what was stunned to them can't be justified Ajin
should be able to play a part in society
without being alienated or even worse
experimented on Nagai stumbles out of
the forest through which he had escaped
it should be considered that the immediate area
around the lab will be screened to find him
so staying there is a bad idea but he gets taken
in by an old lady that provides him with shelter
and food for the time being it seems like she
knows that he is an agent but doesn't seem to care
staying at her house is only a temporary solution
it is likely that officials will patrol this area
but if this old lady has the means to hide
him and is willing to lie to the officials
then this place could become an important
asset but Nagai commits a few mistakes here
for instance he leaves the house without taking
any measurements to conceal his true identity
apart from wearing a cap of course
but in my opinion this is not enough
here's what i would do this old lady seems to be
an ally she doesn't seem to have any interest in
blowing up my cover i would stay in there and
not leave the house under any circumstances
what i need is access to a black market so i
can purchase a new identity for that i either
gain access to the dark web or i need to leave my
hideout and find someone who can help me directly
changing your look is easy your demeanor difficult
if you struggle with staying calm you shouldn't
hesitate to acquire some benzos every time you
leave the house you pop one or two and you should
be as calm as a meditating kung fu master on
a Chinese mountain Nagai visits his sister and
brings her back to the old lady's house i like the
idea behind it they seem to be getting along well
and she seems to be the only family member that
he has it's beautiful but a little risky if i
were any of the bad guys putting his sister under
surveillance would have been the first thing i did
after his breakout in our case here none of that
happens both of them make it to the old lady's
house safely and say they're together for the
time being the risks involved by picking her up or
clear but after hearing the facts it's completely
justified because it turns out that she's ill
also having a crazy person like Sato out
there you don't really want to keep your
sister out of your sight all in all i think
this was a good decision bingeXpress approves
while you're trying to get your new identity
to escape the country and restart somewhere new
you should train being an Ajin comes with a
lot of new powers that is useless if you don't
know how to use them the ghost of an agent
resembles the core personality of the host
that is why Nagai's ghost seems to be a little
well let's call it anti-social in any way
you would want to know exactly how your powers
work and manifest for instance how long can you
manifest your ghost at this point you are still
trapped and searched by an army of mad scientists
and a small army of demi-humans both want
you and they are not interested in having
tea and biscuits with you if worse comes
to worst you must be prepared to fight
meanwhile Sato has started another attack to
support his cause the government has waited too
long in coming forward with his requests
and this is the price they have to pay
He hijacked a plane and flew it into this
government building being in Ajin he really
didn't have anything to worry about his
comrade flies in a care package via drone
back in the days of modern warfare 2 i think
they still use small helicopters for that
times change Jesus the special forces have
prepared well for this scenario though as
soon as Sato appears he gets shot down every time
he is about to regenerate he gets shut down again
before he can manifest that's a very effective way
to immobilize Ajin but Sato wouldn't be Sato if he
didn't calculate that too Tanaka is positioned on
a rooftop nearby as soon as Sato gets cornered he
intervenes by taking out one swat member at a
time intercepting the structure of the ground
forces it causes so much chaos that Sato has
enough time to manifest and well it's showdown
i would like to make a quick side note on how
the special forces could have avoided this
when they came up with their plan they did not
consider that Sato is possibly aware of that
weakness too preventing an Ajin from healing
i mean first of all Sato is an Ajin veteran he
has shown his capabilities more than once it
is very clear that he is the real OG when we
talk about Ajin so underestimating him is a death
sentence on its own Sato's attack was announced
days ahead it would have been easy to prepare
additional tactics to prevent any interference
scouting all nearby rooftops would
have been an easy challenge to solve
if the special forces had snipers to support
the ground team this would have never happened
also knowing that you are going to fight an
Ajin you want to have multiple layers of attack
where was the air support the evacuation of
the citizens around backup teams and so forth
At the same time Nagai and his sister
were detected by citizen they had to
escape their hideout if they were more careful
with their privacy this could have been avoided
at this point the walls are closing in the
public gets increasingly hostile towards Ajin
this is the last moment you have to make a lasting
decision what would you do disappear for good or
enter the fight i would utilize my goals to get
a lot of money quickly because if you get a lot
of money quickly you can get far away quickly
money buys you everything identities security
comfort just about all you need at this moment and
having a ghost that is literally an invisible ally
that you control i don't see the problem here one
thing is clear your sister is exposed and mortal
so whatever you do she must be your first priority
Nagai makes the third best decision instead of
robbing a bank and buying two first-class tickets
to the cook islands he teams up with Mr. Tosaki i
guess it's once again if you can't beat him join
him as long as Mr. Sato and his fellas are around
Nagai and his sister aren't safe perhaps not
even on a pacific island teaming up with a
former enemy is risky as an Ajin you're definitely
stronger but as we have seen in Mr. Sato's case
an Ajin can be fought with great precision what do
you do in case they capture you after Sato's death
and what do you do in case each one of your new
allies is killed what about your sister there are
so many questions you better try to answer first
so what we do need at this point are backup plans
here's a tip when you meet with the government
to discuss the strategy take note of each member
who are they what are their names in this position
it shouldn't be a big challenge to figure out
keep this information somewhere safe if this
government tries to screw you over you have the
means to counter attack by taking any of them or
their family members hostage trust is important
but security much better don't forget that you are
completely on your own if they try to backstab you
there is no one left who would free you since it
was Sato that ventured out to free you if you end
up as an experiment again it might be for much
longer than just 20 years therefore you would
do well to have an ace up your sleeve another
important thing to make sure is who will take
care of your sister in case of your death as an
immortal soldier you're in a pretty good spot to
make good deals i wouldn't agree to anything less
than a few million dollars in a lifetime security
for her mr Sato's plan is to steal a poisonous
gas bomb the gas was developed through experiments
performed on himself call me sick but i sympathize
more with Mr. Sato than with the humans the sheer
agony he had to go through for 20 years it just
leaves you speechless they created a monster and
now they have to deal with it i guess that's how
it goes the bomb he wants to steal is located in
a secure building on a 49th floor if Sato and
his team want it they have to come and get it
it is always better to defend than attack if you
defend you're likely to know the area perfectly
and so setting up traps is easy especially when
you know what the enemy is coming for Sato's team
enters the building like Neo and trinity in a
second matrix movie one of them has already hacked
the network to send out decoy signals so the squad
can move forward quickly when they proceed they
end up in a battle with a surprise in it they
sure seem to be enjoying themselves they kind
of remind me of my San Andreas times after having
used the infinite health cheat a lot of fun for
the first 30 minutes but just boring thereafter i
wonder how they feel but i guess it's real life so
it probably takes a bit longer than 30 minutes
to get bored Nagai hid in this room pretending
to be dead when all of them moved forward he
manifested again and sent out his ghost after
having realized Mr. Sato isn't there now this is
where stuff gets interesting the trap Nagai and
his team have prepared is pretty slick and outside
the box thinking when Tanaka and his team arrive
at a targeted location Nagai positions himself
in front of the ventilator system he releases
his black metal particles and the ventilator
transports them into the room where Tanaka
and his team are located completely obstructing
their view invisible black matter also called IBM
particles or as the name suggests invisible to non
Ajin to Ajin well it looks like this right here
While they're completely blinded Nagai's team
has no problem shooting them down with multiple
narcotics at once i think this plan is pretty
well thought through however i would have done
it slightly different using Nagai's IBM particles
to obstruct their view is genius but having men
stationed there to shoot them down with
narcotics is not the best way to go
the best way would have been to close
them in and alongside Nagai's IBM
spread sleeping gas too this would have done
the job without risking the lives of mortal men
Mr. Sato is visiting a pellets factory no i
don't think he's looking for a new business
mentor option but instead he well he he
had a plan well have a look for yourself
What is worse than facing john wick immortal
John Wick of course yes this was possibly the
best scene in this movie hands down but if you
do consider the plot closely you will find a
hole here so Mr. Sato used the Ajin attribute to
regenerate from the biggest piece of flesh left
after his death but how in the world did
nobody from the government consider that
possibility if the government experimented
on several Ajin bodies for combined decades
there is no way they didn't know how Ajin
manifestation works it's hard to believe that
such a basic Ajin skill was overlooked had they
flooded the room with sleeping gas agent this
would have been prevented but in all honesty i
didn't mind seeing Bruce Wick in action that was a
that was a nice treat in the following scene
Mr. Sato and Tanaka are able to capture the bomb
how come this bomb is still in this
building it doesn't make much sense
if i knew that an attack is being planned to
capture something in my possession i wouldn't
hesitate to relocate that item Nagai and his
team focus way too much on capturing the enemy
instead of also focusing on keeping that bomb out
of their hands the tables are turned if we want to
win this battle we need to attack Mr. Sato could
have easily escaped with the bomb and started the
attack on Tokyo a few days later but he stayed
back proving that he doesn't really care about
Ajin acceptance within society all he wants is
his revenge and again i completely understand
here we are again how do we kill something
that can't be killed knowing that Ajin manifest
themselves back from the biggest remaining piece
of flesh one might cut off a limb throw it into
a pool of cement and put the remaining body
through a wood shredder just like Mr. Sato did
before if you can't beat something completely
just do what you can in the end Mr. Sato was
frozen with liquid nitrogen and shot into a
thousand pieces that's one way to finish the
job i guess Nagai on the other hand cut off his
hand beforehand so according to Ajin law he will
be back in a quick second if you had to fight an
Ajin being human or not how would you proceed?